1. Getting acquainted with Visual Studio environment. (create new web project, open existing web project, building website, and study of toolbars, menu etc.)


2. a program to display “Welcome To Radiant” in the form when the “click” button is clicked. The
form title must be ASP.NET. Also diplays a button in green color and it should change into yellow when the mouse
moves over it.
pra2

3. Create an application which will ask the user to input his name and a message, display the two items concatenated in a label, and change the format of the
 label using radio buttons and check boxes for selection , the user can make the label text bold ,underlined or italic and change its color .Include buttons to
 display the message in the label, clear the text boxes and label and exit.
pra3


4. Programs using ASP.NET Server controls. Create the application that accepts name, password ,age , email id, and user id. All the information entry is 
compulsory. Password should be reconfirmed. Age should be within 21 to 30. Email id should be valid. User id should have at least a capital letter and digit 
as well as length should be between 7 and 20 characters.
pra4


5. Create a Form that receives the Name, Rollno, Password, Confirm Password, Semester, Percentage, E-mailid, City, Ph no, mobile no. Apply regular expression 
to all fields as well as required field validator , use compare validator in confirm password . Display all validation in a summary.
pra5

6. Write a program to set the font-Arial , font style-bond , font size-18px of different controls(ie. Label, textbox, button) using css.
pra6

7. Create a web page using the concept ofThemes and Skins in ASP.NET
pra7

8. Create home page of your website using concept of Master page
Masterpage

9. Develop a web page to implement the concept of state management using ViewState and QueryString.
pra9QueryString
Viewstate

10. To create a website includes cookies state using state management techniques.
cookiespra10


11. Develop a web page to implement the concept of state management using Session and Application.
sessionpra11
Applicationpra11


12. Create a web application using Global.asax file which will count the number of visitors on web page
pra12

13. Use various tags in Web.config file for ASP.NET configuration.
webconfig


14. Write sample application to connect to database (connection object), Fetching and inserting data from database (command object) and using Data Reader.


15. Create a Web page and test the connectivity of your database with registration form . If connected, display the message that connection with database is 
successful, and redirect the user to his Login Page.
pra15

16. Create a login page in your web application. Login page must have user name and password fields. If user enters correct ID, Password, he must be redirected 
to the homepage of your website. Display the information about user on his homepage once he has logged in through the login form.Also create a forgot password 
link, to redirect user to set up his new password on authentication.
pra16


17. Create account settings web page , to allow the user to ADD, UPDATE his profile once he has logged into the website using Bound and Unbound Controls.
Practical 17

18. Create a webpage to bind the user data from database into a gridview dynamically.
pra18

19. Create a simple web application that integrates the above concepts of ASP.NET into your application. Suggestive web application can be your own Personal 
website and host on free domain, Your department website etc, database into a gridview dynamically.

Database => All the queries in one page
Databaseconnection => Connection successfully message
Databasegridview => Display table
Databaseinsert => Insert data atb run time
Databasesort => sorted the data at output time
Databasedropdownlistbox => shows the dropdown

